{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Mock Testing Suite Admin Master Guide\par
\b0\par
\b Purpose\par
\b0 This guide explains which content files are used at runtime today, which files are reference-only, and the safest path to make defaults editable without code changes.\par
\par
\b Runtime today\par
\b0 1. Structured defaults come from backend/content/app_content.json.\par
2. Help and FAQ currently come from frontend/src/pages/HelpPage.jsx.\par
3. Approved headsets are fetched live from a Google Doc and parsed by backend/server.py.\par
4. Notification sheet URL is admin-managed in backend/config/runtime_config.json.\par
\par
\b Reference-only docs\par
\b0 The docs/default-content/*.md files are not read by the app at runtime. Editing them does not change the live app.\par
\par
\b Safest strategy\par
\b0 1. Keep structured app defaults in one master spreadsheet source.\par
2. Keep long-form help and FAQ in Google Docs or local authored docs.\par
3. Keep approved headsets in a structured sheet instead of a freeform Google Doc once you are ready to migrate it.\par
\par
\b Recommended eventual source design\par
\b0 - Discord Posts -> Google Sheet or local JSON\par
- Screenshots -> local settings or asset-managed JSON\par
- Coaching checkboxes -> Google Sheet or local JSON\par
- Fail reason checkboxes -> Google Sheet or local JSON\par
- Callers -> Google Sheet\par
- Call Types -> Google Sheet\par
- Shows -> Google Sheet\par
- Help -> Google Doc\par
- FAQ -> Google Doc\par
- Approved Headsets -> Google Sheet\par
\par
\b Current note about headsets\par
\b0 The current approved headset list is not stored in the repo. It is loaded from a Google Doc export URL at runtime, so this package includes only a headset worksheet template and source note, not a verified live snapshot.\par
}
