{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Mock Testing Suite FAQ Content\par
\b0\par
\b Q: What if the candidate stops responding?\par
\b0 A: Click the red "Stopped Responding" button. This instantly ends the session as a fail.\par
\par
\b Q: What if the candidate has technical issues?\par
\b0 A: Click "Tech Issue". The app walks you through troubleshooting: check DTE status, clear browsing data, re-login.\par
\par
\b Q: Can I go back and change something?\par
\b0 A: Yes --- click "Back" on any screen. Your data is saved as you go.\par
\par
\b Q: What if I forget to select coaching?\par
\b0 A: The app will ask you to confirm if you want to continue without coaching.\par
\par
\b Q: How do I do a Supervisor Transfer ONLY session?\par
\b0 A: On the Home screen, click "Supervisor Transfer Only". This skips Mock Calls.\par
\par
\b Q: What does "Final Attempt" mean?\par
\b0 A: Use this on The Basics screen when the candidate is on their last allowed attempt. The app uses it in the session flow and messaging.\par
\par
\b Q: How does Smart Resume find a candidate for Supervisor Transfer Only?\par
\b0 A: It searches saved history for prior mock-call sessions that belong to the current tester, already have mock call results, and do not already have completed supervisor transfers.\par
\par
\b Q: What if 2 calls fail?\par
\b0 A: The session ends immediately and goes to Review. They should reschedule within 24 hours.\par
\par
\b Q: Where is my data stored?\par
\b0 A: In the app's local database.\par
\par
\b Q: How do I customize the Discord templates?\par
\b0 A: Go to Settings -> Discord tab. You can add, edit, and remove both message templates and screenshot images.\par
\par
\b Q: Can I edit the caller data and shows?\par
\b0 A: Yes --- go to Settings. The Call Types, Shows, Callers, and Sup Reasons tabs let you fully customize all scenario data.\par
}
